So, the preparation was uh
was kind of okay until it wasn't. I was
feeling kind of weird muscularly, like I
couldn't really control this leg, and
and then started to be painful, and I
then I just enjoyed thanking all the
spectators that they have been there for
the 12 years I have been racing and
and enjoying the crowd like uh normally
we go like full gas,
and we can't really enjoy deeply, and
this year I uh like I enjoyed the race.
It's short. Like I mean, I'm I'm not
running in these four weeks.
So, like it's just a gamble. I would say
that uh
we with Hisui we are thinking about
like, "Okay, how we can make it
possible?"
But uh yeah, how we can build the
neuromuscular fitness in the last uh
>> [music]
>> two, three weeks, so
uh
yeah, I mean, like we will try.